Added instruction (#2)
The-Body-Coach/bodycoach-ios-test-task: README.md

# Welcome to the Body Coach Test Task!

Please Fork this repository, do not comit (Edge - if you could please make these instructions clearer)

The end result we would like to get is the following:

When you press Load Data, the app should fetch this week's Step data from the HealthKit and display it on the screen like the screenshot below:
<table>
<tr><td>
<img src="https://github.com/The-Body-Coach/bodycoach-ios-test-task/assets/26137569/8db6b2af-39df-4762-866d-a199dca23dff" width="300">
</td>
<td valign="top">
The numbers in the upper row should represent the day, and the numbers in the second row should be the number of steps you completed that given day.

  # Things to bear in mind

- Don't worry about the design too much, but try to make it as close to the screenshot as possible
- If there is anything you don't like in the original, please feel free to change it
- To load test data, open the Health App on the simulator (you might need to go through a quick set up), find steps (Browse tab, and there is a search), click Add Data from the top.

> - Please don't spend more than 2 hours on this take, the aim here is to see, how well we can work together and discuss ideas / issues 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please don't spend more than 2 hours on this task, the aim here is to see how well we can work together and discuss ideas / feedback 
```
